  The moment I picked it up, it nuzzled into my hand. Gently, I stroked its blue tinted silver fur, as soft as silk. Feeling the warm comfort of my hand, the puppy seemed to let out a contented sigh and relaxed further. I got up and brushed the snow off, unsure of what to do. It's mother must have been killed I supposed. For two days, I had been watching it. Still, there was no sign of its mother. Well, I couldn't leave it here, that was for sure, it would be dead by next morning. However, I struggled to think of the notion of my parents agreeing to let me bring it home and raising it. They weren't very fond of pets. "Maybe I could keep you a secret, our secret." I whispered softly to the fragile bundle of fur in my hands, my breath coming out in a small puff of fog as a small smile tugged at my lips.
Little did I know, this would be the start of a strong friendship and faithful companion who would bring much joy to my life...after a tragic event.
A month passed, (Name?)grew fast. I took care of him in my tree house, hidden away from my parents. 
One morning, ominous gray clouds crowded the sky. I decided to go out for a walk with () before my parents woke up and before it started raining. () needed to stretch his legs. Dawn was approaching so it wasn't too dark. We didn't go very far. An hour later, the faint smell of smoke, ashes and something burning reached my nose, brought along by the breeze. With a sinking feeling of dread, I realised that it was coming from the direction of home. Turning around, I saw a column of grey smoke rising into the air, made vivid by the light of the half risen sun. In one swift motion, I scooped up () and started running, faster then I had ever run brfore, tripping over roots and bumps. My breaths came out ragged, please be okay, please be okay, I thought to myself over and over again.
Before long, I reached the house, or what was left of it. What I saw made me stop in my tracks. The fire was huge, blazing, and the heat was intense, causing me to step back. Desperately, I searched for my parents, shouting until my voice was hoarse, waiting in vain to hear a reply. But no, the only sound was that of the flames, even the surrounding woods had gone quiet, the animals must have already fled. Just then, the sky split open, large drops of water started to drizzle down, followed by a heavy pouring rain. Then came the deafening rumble of thunder and for an instant, everything lit up in a flash of bright white lightning. The fire sizzled and died. I stepped through the wreckage, almost everything had been burned into a fine ash, save for my treehouse which I caught a glimpse of, still intact, located further away. I didn't find any foot prints leading away and as I called repeatedly, my hopes started to fade. I didn't know how much time I spent searching as rivulets of tears ran down my eyes, mixed with the rain. By the time I had collapsed exhausted and defeated, the rain had letup and the clouds had cleared to reveal the evening sky. Grief pounded my heart as I lay in the snow under a large pine tree nearby and dozed off, too tired and depressed to care about anything, not my soot stained skin nor the cold.
Somewhere in the darkness, I heard a distressed whimper and a wine calling for my attention.

  Bright light fitered through my eyelids. Wearily, I forced my sticky eye lids to blink open, trying to get used to the light. My throat was hoarse and parched. Where was I? Suddenly alert, I sat up. "oh." I let out at the sight, as the memories from yesterday came flooding back along with the familiar grieving ache.

